New perplexity.
Computer update is insane.
Today, I'm going to show you something
that broke my brain. An AI just fixed a
bug, wrote the code, and submitted it to
GitHub.
No human touched it, not once. It's
called Perplexity Computer. And the new
update is absolutely insane. This
changes everything for developers,
business owners, and honestly, anyone
using AI. Let me show you exactly what
happened. So, here's what went down.
Perplexity just dropped a massive update
and nobody is talking about it enough.
They added Claude code and GitHub CLI
directly inside Perplexity computer.
Now, if you don't know what that means
yet, don't worry. I'm going to break it
all down for you in simple words, but
trust me, by the end of this video,
you're going to look at AI completely
different. Let me set the stage first.
You know how most AI tools work right
now. You type a question, you get an
answer, that's it. That's what chat GPT
does. That's what most chatbots do. You
ask, they answer. Simple. But Plexity
Computer is not that. It's not a
chatbot. It's an AI agent. And there's a
huge difference between those two
things. A chatbot answers your
questions. An agent does your work like
actually does it. Research, planning,
writing code, running tasks, deploying
stuff, all of it on its own. Think of it
like this. A chatbot is like asking
someone for directions. An agent is like
hiring a driver who takes you there,
parks the car, and picks up your
groceries on the way back. That's
perplexity computer. And here's the
thing that makes it even crazier. It
doesn't use just one AI model. It uses
19 19 different models all working
together at the same time. One model
does the research. Another one writes
code. Another one handles reasoning.
Another one does planning. They all work
together like a team. It's basically an
AI operating system. Now, let's talk
about this new update because this is
the part that blew my mind. They added
two huge tools inside Perplexity
Computer. Claude Code and GitHub CLI.
Claude Code is one of the most powerful
AI coding tools out there right now. It
runs in the terminal. It can read files.
It can edit code. It can run commands.
It can execute tasks on your machine.
It's not just suggesting code. It's
actually working with code like a real
developer would. And GitHub CLI lets you
interact with GitHub from the command
line. You can fork repos. You can create
branches. You can push code. You can
open pull requests. All without ever
opening your browser. Now, here's where
it gets wild. Perplexity Computer put
both of these together and they showed a
demo that honestly made my jaw drop.
They gave the AI a bug report from a
real GitHub project. And the AI did this
completely on its own. It fought the
repository. It read the bug report. It
analyzed the issue. It created a plan to
fix it. It opened claw code. It wrote
the fix. It committed the changes. And
it submitted a pull request all by
itself. No human involved. Let me say
that again. The AI read a bug, figured
out the fix, wrote the code, and
submitted it to GitHub alone. That's not
a chatbot. That's a digital developer.
Hey, if we haven't met already, I'm the
digital avatar of Julian Goldie, CEO of
Goldie Agency. Whilst he's helping
clients get more leads and customers,
I'm here to help you get the latest AI
updates. Julian Goldie reads every
comment, so make sure you comment below.
Okay, so let me explain why this matters
so much. Because I know some of you are
thinking, "Cool, AI can code. We already
knew that." But this is different.
Before this update, AI could help you
write code. You'd paste something in. It
would give you a snippet. You copy it.
You paste it into your project. You'd
test it. You'd fix it. You push it
yourself. The AI was like an assistant
sitting next to you. Now, the AI is
doing the whole thing start to finish.
It reads the problem. It plans the
solution. It writes the code. It tests
it. It pushes it. It submits it. That's
not assistance. That's execution. And
this is part of a much bigger shift
happening in AI right now. We're moving
from AI tools to AI workers. Tools help
you do things. Workers do things for
you. Think about what this means for
startups. You need a bug fixed, you tell
the AI, it fixes it. You need a feature
built, you describe it, it builds it.
You need code reviewed, it reviews it.
You need a pull request submitted, it
submits it. This is the kind of stuff
that used to take a junior developer
hours, now it takes minutes and it runs
in the background while you work on
something else. Now, if you're a
business owner or you run an agency or
you're building something online and you
want to learn how to use AI tools like
Perplexity Computer and Claude Code to
automate your workflows, scale your
business, and get more customers, you
need to check out my AI profit
boardroom. It's the best place to learn
how to use AI automation to grow your
business. I'll drop the link in the
description and the comments. Go check
it out. Okay, so let's keep going
because I haven't even told you the best
part yet. Let's talk about what this
means for the future. Because if the AI
can already do this now, imagine what's
coming next. Right now, Perplexity
Computer can handle full coding
workflows. Fork a repo, fix a bug,
submit a pull request. That's already
wilder, but think about where this goes.
Auto deployment. The AI writes the code
and deploys it live. CI/CD integration,
the AI handles your entire build
pipeline. DevOps agents. The AI manages
your servers and infrastructure. Full
app debugging. The AI finds every bug in
your app and fixes all of them in one
go. We're not far from that. And that's
what makes this update so important.
It's not just about what it can do
today. It's about the door it just
opened. Let me give you some real
examples of how people could use this
right now. Software development. You've
got a bug in your app. You point the AI
at the issue. It reads the code. It
finds the problem. It writes the fix. It
pushes the update. Done. Open source
projects. If you maintain an open-
source repo, you know how many issues
pile up. Now, imagine an AI going
through those issues one by one, fixing
them, and submitting pull requests.
That's not science fiction. That's
literally what the demo showed.
Startups, you're a founder. You've got a
small team. You need to move fast. Now,
you've got an AI that can handle dev
tasks in the background while your team
focuses on the big stuff. That's a game
changer. Research. You need to study a
topic, build a tool based on what you
find, and deploy it. the AI can do the
research and then build the tool all in
one flow. Now, I want to be real with
you because I always keep it honest on
this channel. There are some things to
watch out for. Safety is a big one. When
you let an AI make changes to your code
on its own, you need to be careful. One
bad commit can break everything. So, you
want to have checks in place. You want
to review what the AI submits before it
goes live. Security is another thing.
Giving an AI access to your repos means
you need to think about permissions. You
don't want to give it access to stuff it
shouldn't touch. and reliability. AI
agents are getting better every week,
but they still make mistakes. They're
not perfect. So, treat them like a
really fast junior developer. Check
their work, guide them, but let them do
the heavy lifting. Now, here's what I
think is the biggest takeaway from all
of this. We are officially in the age of
AI workers, not AI assistants, not AI
chatbots, AI workers, systems that can
take a task, break it down, execute
every step, and deliver the result
without you doing anything up. First, go
try Perplexity Computer for yourself.
Play with it. See what it can do. The
more you use these tools, the better you
get at prompting them and getting
results. Second, if you want to learn
how to use AI tools like Perplexity
Computer, Claude Code, and other
automation tools to scale your business,
get more customers, and save hundreds of
hours, join my AI profit boardroom. I'll
put the link right in the description
and the comments below. It's the best
community for business owners who want
to stay ahead with AI automation. We
break down every tool, every update,
every workflow you need. Go check it
out. And if you want the full process,
SOPs, and over 100 AI use cases like
this one, join the AI success lab. Links
in the comments and description. You'll
get all the video notes from there, plus
access to our community of 38,000
members who are crushing it with AI.
Make sure you subscribe and hit that
bell so you don't miss the next update
because things are moving fast right now
and I don't want you to miss what's
coming next. I'll see you in the next